1	A. Dance Styles	What dance style originated in Argentina?	Tango
2	A. Dance Styles	Elegant and smooth movement.  ONE-two-three	Waltz
3	A. Dance Styles	What energetic Cuban dance shares its name with a sauce?	Salsa
4	A. Dance Styles	Which street dance style is associated with spinning and popping?	Breakdance
5	A. Dance Styles	What ballroom dance is known for its dramatic poses?	Paso Doble
1	B. Song Lyrics	Finish this lyric: "Sweet Caroline, good times never..."	Seemed so good
2	B. Song Lyrics	Finish this lyric: "All you need is..."	Love
3	B. Song Lyrics	Finish this lyric: "Don't stop believing, hold on to that..."	Feeling
4	B. Song Lyrics	Finish this lyric: "And I will always love..."	You
5	B. Song Lyrics	Finish this lyric: "Is this the real life? Is this just..."	Fantasy
1	C. Famous Philosophical Quotes	Who said, "I think, therefore I am"?	René Descartes
2	C. Famous Philosophical Quotes	Who said, "The unexamined life is not worth living"?	Socrates
3	C. Famous Philosophical Quotes	Who said, "God is dead"?	Friedrich Nietzsche
4	C. Famous Philosophical Quotes	Who said, "Happiness depends upon ourselves"?	Aristotle
5	C. Famous Philosophical Quotes	Who said, "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans"?	John Lennon
1	D. Disney Movies	What is the first Disney animated movie?	Snow White
2	D. Disney Movies	Which Disney movie features a lion named Simba?	The Lion King
3	D. Disney Movies	What Disney movie has a princess named Ariel?	The Little Mermaid
4	D. Disney Movies	Disney movie features a robot left on earth to clean up the mess	WALL-E
5	D. Disney Movies	What Disney movie has a princess named Elsa?	Frozen
1	E. Internet Memes	Known as the "King of Folk Music" and sang "This Land Is Your Land"?	Woody Guthrie
2	E. Internet Memes	Who wrote and performed the folk anthem "Blowin' in the Wind"?	Bob Dylan
3	E. Internet Memes	Which 1960s folk music duo performed "The Sound of Silence"?	Simon & Garfunkel
4	E. Internet Memes	What is the traditional Spanish folk music style featuring guitar and dance?	Flamenco
5	E. Internet Memes	What instrument is commonly associated with folk music in Ireland?	Tin Whistle